Students are motivated to use the ADBC courseware during their study of database management.
The animations improved student understanding of course materials.
The animations enhanced problem solving skills related to working with database technologies.
Please rate the following statements using a scale from 1 to Students have the skills to use the ADBC modules.
I would recommend this courseware to my colleagues who teach database management. 
The ADBC modules provide real world examples that will help students design databases professionally.
The modules are relevant to my instructional needs. 
I prefer the online learning courseware to the face-to-face classroom teaching.
I found the ADBC courseware to be a valuable learning supplement for students.
The Database Design module helped me teach how to convert scenarios to E-R diagrams.
The Database Design module helped me teach how to convert E-R diagrams to tables.
The Database Design module helped me teach how to identify functional dependencies.
The Database Design module helped me teach how to normalize tables into third normal form.
The SQL module helped me teach how to construct basic SQL statements on one table.
The SQL module helped me teach how to construct SQL statements on multiple tables using joins.
The SQL module helped me teach how to create, edit and delete tables as well as insert, delete and update data in tables.
The SQL module helped me teach how to embed SQL within applications.
The SQL module helped me teach the purpose of stored procedures/functions.
The Security module helped me teach how SQL injections work.
The Security module helped me teach how to grant and revoke access to a database resource.
The Security module helped me teach how to construct a matrix to identify form and report access to database tables.
The Security module helped me teach how to set row level security.
The Security module helped me teach the impacts of database inference.
The Security module helped me teach the various ways database audits can be used to track database table access.
The Transactions module helped me teach the concepts of database concurrency and record locking.
The Transactions module helped me teach the use of triggers.
The Transactions module helped me teach how database recovery may be implemented.
