I am motivated to use the ADBC courseware during my study of database management. 
The animations improve my understanding of course materials.
The animations enhance my problem solving skills in working with database technologies.
I would recommend this courseware to my peer students who are interested in database management.
I prefer the online learning courseware to the face-to-face classroom teaching.
I can apply the knowledge learned from this courseware into practice.
The Database Design module helped me to learn how to convert scenarios to E-R diagrams.
The Database Design module helped me to learn how to convert E-R diagrams to tables.
The Database Design module helped me to learn how to identify functional dependencies.
The Database Design module helped me to learn how to normalize tables into third normal form.
The SQL module helped me to learn how to construct basic SQL statements on one table.
The SQL module helped me to learn how to contruct SQL statements on multiple tables using joins.
The SQL module helped me to learn how to create, edit and delete tables as well as insert, delete and update data in tables.
The SQL module helped me to learn how to embed SQL within applications.
The SQL module helped me to learn the purpose of stored procedures/functions.
The Security module helped me to learn how SQL injections work.
The Security module helped me to learn how to grant and revoke access to a database resource.
The Security module helped me to learn how to construct a matrix to identify form and report access to database tables.
The Security module helped me to learn how to set row level security.
The Security module helped me to learn the impacts of database inference.
The Security module helped me to learn the various ways database audits can be used to track database table access.
The Transactions module helped me to understand the concepts of database concurrency and record locking.
The Transactions module helped me to understand the use of triggers.
The Transactions module helped me to understand how database recovery may be implemented.
